Big brother, big brother,
Brother, I'm sorry,
Then don't be like you,
It should be over there,
Spend your life.
Mom, don't say it, let's go,
So who do I want to see and what do you do?
Do I know how you can lead me without knowing the words?
I want to see that you are not a dirty person
can you help help you
Look what I do
I don’t know the words. When can you help me?
Excuse me
What do I do as a yellow belt?
Why can I see you even if I can't recognize the words?
I can see you even if I don’t know the words
I once said you didn’t know the words or words
How easy is it for me and the director?
What did you say
I'm no longer a guarantor
Didn’t I keep my promise to the director?